[DOCS] Move `store` utils to individual reference pages (#483)
solidjs/solid-docs-next: src/routes/reference/store-utilities/produce.mdx

---
title: produce
---

```ts
function produce<T>(
	fn: (state: T) => void
): (
	state: T extends NotWrappable ? T : Store<T>
) => T extends NotWrappable ? T : Store<T>;
```

> An [Immer](https://immerjs.github.io/immer/) inspired API for Solid's Store objects that allows for localized mutation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`produce` is an [Immer](https://immerjs.github.io/immer/) inspired API for Solid's Store objects that allow for localized mutation.
```
